Fixes #4711 - Move Jersey (EGJJ) holds A4 and A3 slighty (#4719)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. Enhancement - Added TDA D597 - thanks to @robbo599 (Lee Roberts)
2. Bug - Swapped Stansted (EGSS) stands 64R and 64L around to correct positions - thanks to @rishab-alt
3. Enhancement - Corrected Manchester (EGCC) Zulu lines to colours Orange and Blue - thanks to @rishab-alt (Rishab Saddiq)

> 4. Airac - Jersey (EGJJ) changes to A3 and A4 position - thanks to @rishab-alt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. AIRAC (2305) - Changed Jersey (EGJJ) A3 and A4 positions - thanks to @rishab-alt
```
Per the standard format defined in the [style guide](https://github.com/VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File/blob/main/.github/Style%20Guide.md#changelog).

Author: i haven't been using the KMZ files included, just realized

Reviewer: Again this has been marked as resolved without being changed, I'll do it myself.
